MALE NARRATOR:
Previously on Prison Break:
I didn't kill that man. Michael.
The evidence says you did.
I was set up.
(GUN FIRES)
OFFICER: Put down your weapon!
I find it incumbent that you
see the inside of a prison cell.
I'm looking for someone. A
guy named Lincoln Burrows.
SUCRE: Man killed the
Vice President's brother.
Why you want to see Burrows so
bad anyhow? Because he's my brother.
I'm getting you out of here.
It's impossible.
Not if you designed
the place. it isn't.
You've seen the blueprints.
Better than that.
I've got them on me.
You find out who's
trying to bury him.
Nobody's trying to bury him.
The evidence was cooked.
There's a lawyer poking around.
Anyone that's a
threat is expendable.
I'm gonna kill that scum.
SCOFIELD: You won't.
You kill him. you kill our
express ticket out of here.
What are you doing
here? Where's Maricruz?
She's with me now.
Fish. I gotta be back in.
Nick Savrinn with
Project Justice.
My boss may not
think Lincoln's case
is worth looking into. but I do.
When do we get started?
Getting through this
wall is just the beginning.
There's a whole
lot of real estate
in between here
and the outside walls.
That is a transfer request.
Michael Scofield is getting
shipped out tomorrow.
(WHIRRING)
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
I assume this is about your
transfer request for Michael Scofield.
More specifically.
why you denied it.
Look. Mr. Kellerman.
do I come into your house and
tell you where to put your furniture?
We're just asking for a
professional courtesy.
But you're asking for a federal
courtesy in a state penitentiary.
Most people in your
position would be happy
to have another body
taken off their hands.
These men are my responsibility.
From the minute they
walk through those walls
to the time that they've
paid their debt to society.
I'm responsible for them.
Which means that
unless Mr. Scofield
has done something
I don't know about.
he is gonna stay here at
Fox River. under my watch.
Mr. Pope. in our line of work.
we've discovered that just about
everyone has done something
that someone doesn't know about.
What's this? Right now.
just a piece of history.
Whether it becomes
a current event.
now. that's up to you.
My wife already
knows about Toledo.
Does she. really?
You're a smart man. Warden.
I'm sure if you look hard
enough. you can find a reason
why Michael Scofield's
presence is no longer required
at this particular
correctional facility.
(PEOPLE CHATTERING)
I need some more PVC here. boss.
Boss? Sure thing. Burrows.
But. hey. I'm gonna check
your trunk for splinters.
I want every piece
accounted for.
Sure.
I got a ripped
fertilizer bag inside.
Hey. you.
You.
Get in there and clean it up
before this whole place
starts smelling like San Juan.
(MUMBLES IN SPANISH)
Okay. he's on his way.
Do you mind telling me
what this is all about?
These are the guys
we're breaking out with.
I don't think so. Fish.
That was not our agreement.
I'm not gonna work
with this crazy rhino.
Keep pushing it. John.
Yeah. I keep pushing
it. you know. Huh?
What's your deal. man?
Touch my brother
again. I'll show you.
Brother? Your brother?
(LAUGHS)
We've only got a few minutes.
Are we gonna spend
them spitting on each other.
or are we gonna
talk some business?
The reason we're all here today
is we have a decision to make.
ABRUZZI: Yeah? English.
Fitz or Percy.
If we're gonna pull this off. we
need to take one of them out.
And you want us to
tell you which one?
I just want you to
help me get to them.
I'll take it from there.
You're crazy. you know that?
All I need is five minutes.
Oh. you won't even
get five seconds.
Thought you had
everything worked out. Fish.
We're not breaking out of
a Jamba Juice. gentlemen.
It's gonna take a little more
than digging a few holes.
There are eyes. ears.
dots that couldn't be
connected from the outside.
And English. Fitz and Percy?
One of those dots.
And how exactly are you
supposed to pull this off?
With a little help
from my friends.
(CELL DOOR OPENS)
(INMATES CHATTERING)
Sucre. hold up. Scofield.
you got company.
Why do I get the feeling
that there's more to you
than meets the eye. Scofield?
Anything you wanna tell me?
Some other reason you're in here
besides holding up a bank?
You're being transferred.
What?
We're moving you
over to Statesville.
You can't do that.
Yes. I can. I'm the boss here.
This is my house.
Three weeks. What for?
Lincoln Burrows.
He's being executed
in three weeks.
Well. I'm aware of
that. What's that to you?
He's my brother.
When I knew I was
being sent to prison.
my attorney petitioned the DOC.
So you could be near him.
That's right.
Don't take that away from me.
Not until it's over.
I'm not the one
behind the transfer.
You're up against much
bigger fish than me.
I'll arrange for you
to say goodbye.
You ship out tomorrow.
(MAN CHATTERING ON LOUDSPEAKER)
I'm going into
the walls tonight.
See if I can access the roof.
You gonna tell me
about the transfer?
I'm taking care of it.
You're taking care of it?
Sounds to me like
you're reaching.
Maybe.
A little.
(SIGHS) A little.
You know. I'd made my
peace with what was coming.
Then you show up
and give me the one thing a
man in my situation shouldn't have.
Hope. And now that's
gonna be taken away.
Don't do this. Linc.
I got three weeks.
What do you want me to do?
Hmm?
YOUNG LINCOLN: Come on. Michael.
What do you want me to do?
Bring her back.
You know I can't do that.
But. look. there's
some stuff that I can do.
It's not gonna be the same.
but we're gonna figure it out.
And no matter what.
it's still gonna be me and you.
Okay. But what if
something happens to you?
You just have a little faith.
Just have a little faith.
NICK: All right.
here's the deal.
If we believe Lincoln.
this tape is a lie.
It has to be.
But you saw it. It's all there.
Yeah. but maybe what we're
looking for is what's not there.
Okay. Steadman.
You see? What's he looking at?
VERONICA: A car. a pedestrian.
No. no. His eye
line is too high. right?
It's like he's looking
right into the camera.
He might as well
be saying "cheese."
Now he just sits there.
Like 10. 15 seconds.
as if he was maybe...
Waiting for someone. Right.
There. That's a 9 mm.
Shouldn't there be some
kind of kick or something?
Lincoln's pretty strong.
Yeah. but strong
enough to bury a recoil?
Now. you shoot someone.
supposedly for revenge.
do you take the time
to go back in and
hit the glove box.
or do you just get
the hell out of there?
Feds said he was trying to
make it look like a robbery.
No.
Look.
Look at Lincoln's angle
as he leaves the frame.
Mmm.
Walks away from the car.
Now this guy.
who conveniently hides
his face from the camera.
he comes back in. Why?
To explain the bloody pants they'd
already planted in his apartment.
Nick. this is great. Yeah.
Who should we go to?
Nobody. Yet.
I mean. to the
unbiased eye. we're just
backing a horse
that died in the gate.
A lot of what-ifs
and conjecture.
You know. we don't have
anything. We need some evidence.
Look. if... if Lincoln
didn't fire this gun.
then somebody with some serious
skills went to work on this tape
to prove that he did. Fine.
But how do we prove that?
I know a guy.
You know a guy?
Yeah. I know a guy.
Thanks.
Seems we need to
have another powwow.
There's been talk about
you packing your bags.
Don't believe
everything you hear.
I'm not going anywhere.
You know. I have a really
hard time trusting you. Fish.
The important thing is
that we stay on schedule.
Yeah? English. Fitz or Percy?
English. Fitz or Percy.
You wanna know which one
I think we should take out?
All due respect. I
don't need opinions.
I need answers.
Remember. the warden
leaves at 5:00 tonight.
So by 5:05. we're
gonna need that key.
And how is this key gonna
give you the answers?
I'll worry about that.
You worry about getting the key.
Hey. this key
better be worth it.
Understand?
Afternoon. Mr. Scofield.
I need to know if there's any
way to block a transfer order.
There's about 50 ways.
All right. I'll take
the quickest.
You file a motion
for what they call an
interlocutory injunction.
How long does that take?
How fast can you write?
A man can claim almost anything
violates his constitutional rights.
There's. uh.
environmental issues.
allergies. religious
requirements.
Take your pick. What
if they don't buy it?
Don't matter. Court's required
by law to hear your motion.
Till they do. you
can't be transferred.
Hell. they've been
trying to move
my tired gray
behind for 10 years.
God bless the
American legal system.
Why do you want to
stay in here so badly?
There's someone here I
can't bear to leave behind.
I guess that means we
got something in common.
The State's requiring a
physical for Lincoln Burrows.
You heard the news.
didn't you? Thanks.
No. what?
They're brothers.
Who? Burrows and Scofield.
Michael Scofield?
Heard it from one of the
CO's over in Gen Pop.
He didn't say anything
to you about it?
No.
Well. it must be hard to be
here so close to your brother
and not be able to do
anything to help him.
What's this? A little
bathroom reading.
Westmoreland again?
Scofield. He's
blocking his transfer.
Even if the motion is denied.
it's gonna take 30
days to process.
And that means...
(WHISTLES)
(CHUCKLING)
All right. I'm going in.
I'm gonna need your help.
You mean in in? Now? I
thought you were waiting till...
I need to make sure I know
how I'm getting up there.
so when the time
comes... Yo. yo. yo.
In case you hadn't
noticed. the lights are all on.
You got a live
studio audience. Fish.
How you gonna get around that?
Don't we have
some laundry to do?
Just to be clear.
I ain't touching your drawers.
Eyes straight ahead.
GUARD: Let's go!
Keep it moving.
GUARD: Eyes to the front.
Keep it moving. keep it moving.
Him.
(ALL CLAMORING)
(GUN FIRES)
(GRUNTS)
Get up.
Stay down. Clear.
GUARD: March.
Come on.
Fish? I can't deal with this.
Fish.
Come on.
Yo. Fish. Fish. you're
taking too long. bro.
SUCRE: This ain't
gonna fly. man.
The Ricans. we got
genetically higher
blood pressure. you know that?
My cousin. he died
from too much stress.
I thought you said your cousin
was moving in on your girl.
That's my other cousin. But
thanks for bringing that up. jackass.
Look. the good news is
I can get to the roof.
So what happens now?
Now.
it's all about timing.
(BEEPS)
(INMATES CHATTERING)
This is a top dollar job.
Do you know who did it?
No. Do you?
People who do this kind
of work are ghosts. man.
The guy behind the guy behind
the guy. You know what I mean?
You see anything?
Definitive cuts?
Any place that proves the
tape might have been doctored?
The thing's clean.
No footprints.
I mean. usually you peel the
video back a couple of layers.
anything bogus comes off.
You know. now you
see it. and now you don't.
But not this one. It's laced.
Ingrained.
(GUN FIRES)
Whoa. whoa. whoa.
NICK: You see something?
No. The problem with your
eyes is that they play tricks on you.
But your ears... Ears don't lie.
Look. Here's the audio
track from the tape.
There. Sound pretty
true. right? Yeah.
But noise is alive.
See. it doesn't
just die like that.
Stripped down. those
levels should be dancing.
A room that size would give you
a... a "blam. blam.
blam. blam." you know.
Like one off each wall. a
split second after the other.
On yours. the reverb's
bouncing at the same time.
What does that mean?
The sound of the gunshot.
It wasn't recorded in that room.
Would you testify to that?
(STAMMERING) I don't know.
I mean. the tape you
gave me is a dupe.
You know. for all I know.
you guys tampered with it.
Look. you want me
to testify in court.
I'm gonna need to get
my hands on the original.
POPE: How are those allergies?
Excuse me?
(DOOR CLOSES)
In your motion. you
cited chronic. uh...
Sinusitis. Hmm.
It's not an allergy. actually.
It's a bacterial infection. Hmm.
The moist air from the
river along the east wall
helps keep me. you know.
(SNIFFS)
clear.
I'm impressed. Not
even a week in here
and you're already
working it like an old con.
Well. you've got one
up on me. Warden.
You know why I needed
to file those motions.
but I have no idea why
you needed to transfer me.
Traffic control.
Scofield. that's all.
Look. it's coming up on 5:00.
What do you say
we call it a day?
(GRUNTS) I don't
think I can do that. sir.
Why not?
If I let go of this
support right now.
the whole thing is coming down.
See. the Taj was
designed using axial force.
A series of internal forces
along the longitudinal axis...
Yeah. How much longer?
Depends on how
long it takes to dry.
If you need me to leave.
I can show your
secretary how to hold it.
All right. you can
stay till it dries.
There'll be a guard
waiting outside the door.
Just check in with
Becky when you're done
and she'll have somebody
escort you back to your cell.
All right. And. uh. Scofield...
I wanna thank you
for showing up today.
I would have
understood it if you didn't.
We had a deal.
Right.
Still. thanks.
My wife is gonna love it.
You're welcome.
(DOOR CLOSES)
PATTERSON: See
you tomorrow. sir.
BECKY: Good night. Warden.
We just happen to be two people
who happen to know each other
and happen to show up
at the same movie theater
at what happens
to be the same time.
(BECKY CHUCKLING)
PATTERSON: That's
it. BECKY: I don't know.
You know. from this angle.
you look just as good as
you did when we first met.
How about from this one?
Even better.
Oh. Uh-uh.
Those are for your guests.
Guests? Your associates.
They said you had a
meeting. They're in the den.
Evening. Warden.
POPE: There's nothing I can do.
I'm legally obligated to file
every properly drafted motion
with the court. so that a
hearing can be scheduled.
And how long does that take?
A month. maybe
two if there's a logjam.
I'm sorry. but it's
out of my hands.
Why do I get the feeling
you're not all that disappointed?
May I ask you a
question. Warden?
More of an observation. really.
I was looking at the
morgue. uh. photos
of that boy back in
Toledo. Will Clayton.
And. my Lord. if he wasn't
the spitting image of his daddy.
Apple fell real far from the
tree with that one. didn't it?
It fell off the tree.
Fell all over the pavement.
You son of a bitch.
Your wife gave you
a pass on the affair.
But something tells
me that's pretty much
all the forgiveness
she's got left in her bag.
Especially when it comes
to an illegitimate child.
What happened with young Will.
Warden?
Get out of my house.
Lose Scofield's paperwork.
You gentlemen
staying for dinner?
Thanks. but I think
we're on our way.
Judy.
it was a real
pleasure. Thank you.
And that just may have been
the best iced tea I've ever had.
(CHUCKLES)
Warden. better do everything
you can to hold on to this one.
I will.
Good.
Is everything all right?
Oh. yeah. Just fine. I. uh...
I just have a little unfinished
work to take care of.
I'll be right in.
Okay.
(WHIRRING)
(BUZZING)
He's all clear.
Good evening. Lincoln.
Doctor.
I'm. uh. supposed to give
you a physical this evening.
Let me apologize in advance
for the heavy dose of irony
we're about to participate in.
That's all right.
Just doing your job.
Yeah. well.
letting the State know that
you're healthy enough to execute
is not why I went
to medical school.
I apologize.
That's okay.
All right.
I'm. uh. going to need a
family medical history from you.
Any ailments or conditions
that are hereditary.
Start with your mom.
Uh. cancer. Liver.
Okay. Father?
Mmm. split when I was young.
Siblings.
Anyone besides Michael?
Fox River's a
small town. Lincoln.
People around here don't have a
whole lot to do besides time and talk.
You close?
LINCOLN: We were.
How about now?
Huh?
(SIGHING)
He's been abandoned
his whole life.
Dad. Mom.
She died young.
And now me.
Think that's why he's here?
'Cause your...
Your death would feel
like it's happening again?
I abandoned him a long time ago.
That's why he's here.
(WATCH BEEPS)
(BUZZING)
GUARD: Gates closing!
It's time.
Time?
Oh. God. here we go again.
Count's in 15 minutes.
What are you doing?
Trust me. the less
you know. the better.
The less I know...
Man. you got me in the dark.
That's exactly
where you want to be.
BEN: Don't normally
find you here at this hour.
Are you
seeking his
forgiveness or advice?
(LAUGHS)
I really don't know
anymore. Ben.
All I know is my son Will
was my responsibility.
And if I'd stayed in his life.
I could have saved his life.
His death was an
accident. Henry.
He was a criminal
and an addict.
But he was only 18 years old.
His mother made it clear
you couldn't be in his life
if you weren't
going to be in hers.
When you chose to stay
with Judy. you understood that.
I not only understood
it. I was grateful for it.
I... I told myself I... I was
respecting her wishes.
I cursed her under my
breath. while every day
I thanked God for allowing
me to wash my hands of her.
of Toledo.
all of it. I...
So I ran home
to Judy
and I buried the secret.
But I never got a chance
to bury my... my son.
(SOBBING)
What kind of a
person does that. Ben?
Sacrifices somebody else's life
just to make their
own life easier.
You can argue with me all night.
Believe me. I haven't
got anything better to do.
But it won't change the fact
that I can't just hand out
original copies of evidence.
If you could just take a look...
I don't care if your FOIL was
signed by the Attorney General.
I can't give it to you.
What if we brought
somebody here to watch it?
Your supervisor could
monitor them the entire time.
He'd strip down. swear on a
stack of Bibles. whatever it takes.
Wait. what did you say
the docket number was?
It's. uh. 296-SPE.
(WHISPERS) Oh.
What's wrong?
(SIGHS) Come with me.
Last night a pipe
burst upstairs.
flooded the place.
Files from over a hundred cases.
Pretty much lost all of
them. including yours.
Just this room?
Some kind of freak accident.
(WATER DRIPPING)
(BUZZING)
(WHISTLE BLOWS)
GUARD: Count them.
BELLICK: Callahan. Knight.
Malinowski. Pohlen.
(WATCH BEEPS)
Chance. Graziano.
Scofield. Sucre.
Scofield.
get the hell out here.
We got a runner!
(ALARM BLARING)
(DOGS BARKING)
GUARD: Lockdown!
Lockdown!
(INMATES YELLING)
All right. for the
last time. pinata.
Where the hell is Scofield?
He's gone. you're
gone. You hear me?
PATTERSON: Call it off. Captain.
I got Scofield right here.
Where?
In the warden's office.
You looking at him?
Stop trying to nail the secretary
and check the damn office!
Captain.
he's gone.
(ALARM BLARING)
(DOGS BARKING)
(SIRENS WAILING)
The man can't just
vanish. Deputy. I know. sir.
He never checked
out with you? No.
And the rear door? Still
locked. sir. I checked.
How the hell did he...
What's going on?
You're in the Warden's office
after hours. I could kill you
and the paperwork wouldn't
need much more than the date.
Tell me. what were
you doing in here?
All right. Deputy.
that's enough.
The work wasn't dry.
You said to stay until it was.
You were in here the
whole time? Yes. sir.
It's true. I never
saw him leave.
I must not have seen
him behind the table.
Warden. all due
respect. this is ridiculous.
This prisoner was out of
his cell. He missed the count.
POPE: I understand. Deputy.
The thing is. Mr. Scofield
is not our problem anymore.
It seems there was an
error in his paperwork.
He's going to be
transferred after all.
That's not possible.
Escort the prisoner
back to his cell.
Warden. all I need
is three weeks.
Get off me! Come on now.
Henry. please.
just a little time.
Just give me the time.
Any chance you wanna
write this off as a coincidence?
Me neither.
How could they have known
we were coming for the tape?
Three hours ago.
we didn't even know.
Well. we're pissing someone off.
You say that like
it's a good thing.
People start breaking the law.
you know you're getting warm.
We still have our copy
of the tape. so maybe...
Nick. Stay here.
Whoever it was is gone.
Does it look like
they got anything?
No.
Everything's exactly
the way I left it.
What? What?
What?
The tape. It's
gone. Are you sure?
How could they know?
Let's think this through.
How could they know
exactly where to look?
Wait. does anyone else
have a key to this place?
No. Are you sure this
is where you put it?
You were here. remember?
I was talking to you.
I walked toward the
cabinet. and I s-said...
What?
Veronica. are you okay?
Veronica.
(BUZZING)
BELLICK: Open up!
Breakfast. gentlemen.
Let's move it!
Sucre. let's go.
Scofield. wait here.
I'm sure your ride will
be along any minute now.
This can't be it.
It can't end like this.
BELLICK: Let's move it!
SCOFIELD: Fitz.
What?
We were gonna take Fitz out.
It was as clear as day.
And the cops. how long
did it take them to respond?
You got all the timing down?
Think we would have made it?
Sucre. now.
♪ (ORANGE SKY PLAYING)
♪ Well. I had a dream ♪
♪ I stood beneath
an orange sky ♪
♪ Yes. I had a dream ♪
♪ I stood beneath
an orange sky ♪
Hey. fish-face. where you going?
♪ With my brother standing by ♪
Call my wife. Tell
her to get the kids
and get the hell
out of the country.
♪ I said Brother.
you know. you know ♪
♪ It's a long road
we've been walking on ♪
Sorry.
♪ Brother you know
it is you know it is ♪
♪ Such a long road
we've been walking on ♪
Don't forget to buckle up.
POPE: What's this
prisoner doing out of his cell?
GUARD: He's being transferred.
No. no. no. no. There must
be some kind of a mistake.
This man filed a
motion yesterday.
He has a medical condition
which precludes transfer.
Sinusitis. right?
Sinusitis.
Take the prisoner
back to his cell.
But yank his rec time.
He missed count last night.
Hey.
you're home early.
Everything okay?
Yeah. Yeah. it is.
There's just. um...
Judy.
There's someone I
need to tell you about.
(PHONE RINGING)
WOMAN: Yes?
KELLERMAN: The
transfer did not go through.
That's disappointing.
We can re-file.
but the warden...
It's a waste of time.
I think it's time we stopped
beating around the bush. gentlemen.
and go after the damn bush!
Burrows.
What do you want done?
WOMAN: Take the only
thing Burrows has left. Time.
After all. the chair
isn't the only way
to take a man's life in prison.
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-